I am going to go back to
my web browser here, and
I've actually kept my Google Fonts open
the entire time here, you might not have.
So we need to make sure
that you have your families
selected here inside of Google Fonts.
So go to fonts.google.com,
we wanna make sure that we have so
selected Fera Mano,
Josefin Sans and Lato, okay?
Chances are when you open up
fonts.google.com, this is all still there.
Is that true, people in the classroom?
>> Yes.
>> Awesome.
Okay, so what we're going to do is we're
going to go to get embed code, and right
here where it says, embed the code in the
head of your HTML, all of that right here.
We're gonna copy that code and we're gonna
put that exactly in the head of our HTML.
So you can put this,
I like to put my style sheet last, so
I'm gonna put this after
the title before my style sheet,
I'm just gonna paste that on in.
So yours should look
something like this now.
>> It didn't remember my fonts,
are they listed on this
chapter 6 page or
should I go to the previous chapter?
>> If you take a look,
I think it's chapter 1,
it'll tell you exactly
the fonts that you need, yep?
Okay, great.
So now we have our HTML document,
it is currently talking to,
in theory,
talking to Google to get the fonts,
it's talking to our stylesheet,
let's think about our images next.
So, if you open up each of these
sections here on the web page,
you will find somewhere, let me find
a section that has an image in it.
To go all the way to the container,
the section featured area here,
and you will see that all of the images
currently go, .2codepen, make sense?
Because we copied this out of CodePen, so
it's doing exactly what it was told to do.
What we need to do is we need to swap this
from CodePen to the images that are right
there on your hard drive, which you
should have downloaded from GitHub.
So the easiest way to do this is,
we're just gonna highlight
what we've got here, okay?
So I'm gonna highlight
assets.codepen.io/that number, okay?
And then I'm going to go to Find and
Replace,
which I think is under Selection,
it's under Selection.
It's under Edit, and
I'm going to choose Replace.
So what I'm going to do instead
of having assets.codepen.io/
that number,
I'm going to replace that with img.
So that img should fit right in there
with a slash, and then my image name.
Make sense?
Okay, always good to do one first and
make sure it works the way you expect,
[LAUGH] before you swap them all and
then find out you broke everything, right?
So try one, make sure it worked
okay, Let's see.
So we replace one, make sure it works
okay, and then if that is true and
it's working okay,
then you can replace them all.
All right, and
there's quite a few of them in here.
Once you're done with
that here in your HTML,
you're also gonna wanna do that same
search inside of your stylesheet.
So, save your HTML,
we're gonna switch over to the stylesheet.
Remember, your style sheet has
got lots of images in it also, so
we can do this exact same search
here inside of your stylesheet.
I am going to do that search for
assets.codepen.io/ the number,
and we'll find it.
We'll swap it and make sure it works.
But remember, this time,
what we have happening here is,
actually, can I undo?
I can undo.
What we have actually happening this time,
if I swap in img,
is that the right path
here to these images?
If I said url is img/fem-comment.jpeg,
is that the right path?
Why not?
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Well,
actually, the code is correct,
this is a URL,
this the way you write it inside of CSS,
but the path is incorrect, right?
Because I'm currently in my stylesheet
here, and I need to get to my images here.
This path is gonna tell me to
look inside of my CSS, yeah,
cuz I'm currently in my style sheethere,
I need to look inside of my stylesheet
folder for another folder called img.
And I don't have one of those.
So how do I fix this problem?
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Dot, dot, slash.
I'm gonna put a dot, dot, slash in front
of it, and by the way, VS Code rewards
that by telling you, yeah, I kinda know
now where you're talking about, okay?
So the Find and
Replace here is gonna have to be dot dot
slash when you get to your stylesheet.
Now we can swap these And
make the changes here to your stylesheet.
Hopefully that is all in place.
Phew!
So now we have an HTML file,
that HTML file links to our Google Fonts,
that HTML file links to our custom
stylesheet, that HTML file was looking for
images that are on the hard drive that's
in front of us, not off at CodePen.
And our stylesheet is also looking for
images that are on our hard drive,
not in front of CodePen.
Phew, so that is how you move all of those
sections that you developed in CodePen,
add a CodePen, and
put them into VS Code, so
that you can continue to
do further development.